Photograph: X Chair 
X-Chair
This is a small discount, but this is one of my favorite chairs. The mesh fabric manages heat very well, so you never feel too hot or sweaty sitting in it. There's lumb
Save $300: This Dell G3 15.6-inch gaming laptop with 10th Generation Intel Core i5, 8GB memory, and 512GB SSD is $699.99 at Best Buy through the end of Dec. 8. 
Gaming was huge in 2020, and it will 
FILE PHOTO: The logo for Dell Technologies Inc. is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., January 10, 2019. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Technology N
Buy XPS 13 Touch (2019) at Dell - $700Buy XPS 13 Touch (2020) at Dell - $1,450
ASUS Zephyrus ROG G15 - $1,100
One of our favorite gaming laptops, the ASUS Zephyrus ROG, is on sale for $1,100 for Cy
Here are the best Cyber Weekend deals on monitors as of Nov. 29 at 10:30 a.m. EST:
A lot of us are spending more time in front of a computer nowadays  and whether you're a gamer
 or a work-from-hom
By Reuters Staff
FILE PHOTO: The logo for Dell Technologies Inc. is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., January 10, 2019. REUTERS/Brendan McDe
By Reuters Staff
(Adds forecast)
Nov 24 (Reuters) - Dell Technologies Inc forecast current-quarter sales above market expectations as a pandemic-driven shift to remote work and learning powered dem
By Reuters Staff
Nov 24 (Reuters) - Dell Technologies Inc reported a surprise rise in third-quarter revenue on Tuesday, driven by buoyant demand for its desktops and notebooks from remote workers an
By Reuters Staff
FILE PHOTO: The logo for Dell Technologies Inc. is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., January 10, 2019. REUTERS/Brendan McDe
We've checked all the best laptop and tablet offers from Black Friday 2020, and we'll be posting a handpicked selection of the very best deals on this page. If you're looking for something else, we r
So this is a crazy deal that might be sold out even by the time you read this message. Alienware's AW3821DW super-sized 38-inch curved gaming monitor is currently on sale in a rare Dell doorbuster. I
Buying a laptop isn't an easy decision, but it's one that's slightly easier on weeks like this on Black Friday. The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 has been heralded as one of the best laptops on the market by pr
Dell XPS 13 Touch - $700
The stellar XPS 13 Touch laptop is down to $700 for Black Friday. This particular model has a 10th-gen Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB SSD and a 13.3-inch FHD touchsc
(Image: Getty)
Black Friday has come and gone, but that doesn't mean you've missed your chance to save. While many of our holiday purchases are being placed online due to the pandemic, Cyber Monday 
Whether you just need something portable in a laptop or you want to hook yourself up with a pre-built desktop computer designed for gaming, Amazon's Cyber Monday sale on PC gaming equipment has what 
Cyber Monday is a great time to save hundreds of dollars on expensive wide-screen monitors, and you probably will find the very best pricing of the year. But not every space is set up for a 34-inch u
SAVE UP TO 20%:PC monitors from brands like Samsung, LG, and HP are on sale for Black Friday, saving you up to 20% on list price.
Gaming is about so much more than the console, controller, and game.
Black Friday is exactly two weeks away.
Not that the calendar means anything to retailers this year, of course but that's even more of a reason for you to follow this advice: Instead of waiting unti
This is your chance, and it won't last long. If you've ever wanted a brand new Alienware gaming laptop, grab the Alienware m15 R3 for $1,399. That's $550 off Dell's regular price for it and a great d
The Dell S2719DGF S Series 27-inch 1440p 155Hz FreeSync monitor has dropped to $299.99 on Amazon. This price matches the lowest we have seen since February, when it dropped to $275. The monitor has b
Dell is heavily discounting one of the more advanced versions of the Alienware m15 R3 gaming laptop and now is your chance to get this amazing computer for just $1,599.99. That might be a nice chunk 
Hopefully you haven't been waiting for the end of November to start your holiday shopping! This year, retailers across the country are starting their Black Friday deals earlier than ever before, and 
With just a week until the official day of Black Friday, that means that there are a TON of deals out there that you can buy right this very minute. There are already plenty of sales live at retailer
Dell's tiny XPS 2-in-1 remains one of the best-looking laptops you can buy.
Josh Goldman/CNET
In 2019, Dell completely overhauled its XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop to make it one of the best models in the c
Upgrading to a new monitor is always exciting, and finding the best Cyber Monday 4K monitor sales will save you some money on these pricey screens. Whether you're looking to step things up for produc
2 with 2 posters participating
Today's Dealmaster is headlined by a new deal on Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass Ultimate service, as new users can currently purchase a three-month subscription for $1. Mi…
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Like so man
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 If you've b
Show more (14 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Cyber Monda
Show more (14 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Cyber Monda
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Been waitin
Limited time sale
One of the best Windows laptops is $550 right now and stock is limited
Buying a laptop isn't an easy decision, but it's one that's slightly easier on weeks like this on Black Fri
Exactly one week from Black Friday, the question arises: Should you hop on early deals or wait to see what goes live on the big day?
When it comes to TV shopping, you have a lot of options to buy ah
Black Friday 2020: Laptop deals
 (Photo: Samsung)
Recommendations are independently chosen by Revieweds editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us a commission.
If you've been eyein
Here are the best Cyber Monday deals on laptops as of Nov. 29 at 12:30 p.m. EST:
It's still *technically* a day away, but Cyber Monday is already bringing us a ton of discounts on laptops from brand
A great looking monitor is as essential to a solid PC build as a really comfortable mattress is to a good night's sleep. It's also one of those things that gets overlooked when you're on a budget bec
With Best Buy Cyber Monday deals entering their final hour, now's the time to pull the trigger if anything here takes your fancy. There are some fantastic offers available across plenty of categories
Cyber Weekend 2020: Lenovo Yoga 9i and Yoga C940
Recommendations are independently chosen by Revieweds editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us a commission.
Black Friday brought u
The MacBook hasnt changed much in recent years. Every generation gets a slight spec bump but otherwise looks and performs pretty much the same as the one before it. The new MacBook Air is not a radic…
The Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping season has sort of merged with the delayed Prime Day this year, which has basically left everyone with months of non-stop deals. Depending on your outlook, 
I’ve reviewed a lot of laptops for Digital Trends over the last several years, and it’s been great. But there’s been a gaping hole in my experience — I’d never had the opportunity to review a Dell XP…
By Reuters Staff
(Reuters) - U.S. companies borrowings for capital investments fell 9% in October from a year earlier, the Equipment Leasing and Finance Association (ELFA) said on Friday.
The compa
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Been waitin
The laptop includes an 11th-gen Core i5-1135G7 or i7-1165G7 processor with Iris Xe integrated graphics, and a standard or touchscreen 15.6-inch 1080p IPS display. You can opt for 8GB or 16GB of RAM,
Even though Black Friday isn't for a few more weeks, Dell is starting its sales early. You can save hundreds on laptops, 2-in-1s, desktops, monitors, and more as part of Dell's sales.
These sales ar
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Been waitin
On the hunt for a laptop that will take your gaming experience to the next level? For this list of the best gaming laptop performers of 2020, we've rounded up all the gaming laptops with discrete gra…
Autoblog may receive a share from purchases made via links on this page. Pricing and availability are subject to change.
Cyber Monday is here, and with its arrival comes the final onslaught of deals
Buy Xbox Wireless Controller at Amazon - $40Buy Xbox Wireless Controller at Microsoft - $40
Google Stadia Premiere Edition - $70
If you want to get started with Google’s Stadia gaming system, you c
Keyboard and trackpad 
I’ve loved HP’s EliteBook keyboards for some time now, and the 1040 doesn’t disappoint. The buttons are satisfyingly deep and offer clicky feedback that reminds me of mechanic
In the market for a new laptop? Then you should consider the Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop, which is currently on sale for $550 off the normal $1549.99 price, thus bringing it down to $999.99. This is a 
Source: Daniel Rubino / Windows Central
Best
4K Monitors
Android Central2020
Whether you need them for photo editing, next-gen PC gaming, 4K streaming, or just because you're a sucker for more pi…
FILE PHOTO: Sony Corp's logo is seen at its news conference in Tokyo, Japan November 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Sony Corp will close a factory in Malaysia ne
If all of Disney's new announcements don't make you want to splurge on a new TV, we don't know what will.
From live action Disney classics to Marvel to so many Star Wars spin-offs, there's something
When you buy through our links, we may earn money from our affiliate partners. Learn more.
Smartphones and tablets are great for browsing YouTube and checking email, but it's probably your laptop t
November
27, 2020
4 min read
This article was translated from our Spanish edition using AI technologies. Errors may exist due to this process.
Disclosure: Our goal is to feature products and serv
Here are the best Black Friday deals at Kohl's as of Nov. 18:
Kohl's is this year's Black Friday sleeper. 
Though the department store released its 2020 Black Friday ad preview a little later than 
Time has been meaningless for most of 2020, and it clearly didn't have much of an influence over when retailers started their Black Friday celebrations. 
Dell kicked things off by releasing its ad s
Dell's XPS line is one of the most respected in the PC industry. Year after year, the XPS line of laptops earns solid reviews. They often grace our list of the best Windows laptops. Now, for Cyber Mo
Security threats on PCs come in a variety of forms. Some attacks occur when a PC is already in a person's possession, such as phishing attacks and various other hacks. Others occur before a PC even a
Apple retained its position as the fourth-largest global notebook PC vendor in the third quarter of 2020, shipping six million units in total, according to a new report by Strategy Analytics.
Apple 
Dell Technologies has unveiled its first all-flash object storage appliance - as good an indication as any that flash object storage has hit the mainstream.
The performance jump between disk and fla
The Netherlands ecosystem has been flourishing; more than $85 million was invested in regional startups in 2019 alone. The nation’s proximity to the U.K., Belgium, France and Germany makes Amsterdam 
While the enterprise world likes to talk about “big data”, that term belies the real state of how data exists for many organizations: the truth of the matter is that it’s often very fragmented, livin
Both Hewlett-Packard Inc. and Dell Technologies Inc. reported strong quarterly results Tuesday, as the work-from-home trend amid the pandemic continued to boost sales for their PC businesses.HP 
 HP
Cyber Monday monitor deals on Dell.comS2721D for $219.99
https://deals.dell.com/en-us/productdetail/6jw7
or S2721DS for $239.99
https://deals.dell.com/en-us/productdetail/6k37
Device TypeWhite L
Samsung’s new Galaxy Buds+ truly wireless headphones have been on the market for a few months now, and have even been superseded by the Samsung Galaxy Buds Live earphones, but for now,...
Adobe Phot
Show more (10 items)
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 If you've b
This story is part of Holiday Gift Guide 2020, CNET's gift picks with expert advice, reviews and recommendations for the latest tech gifts for you and your family.
 Sure, bigger is better when it co
The HP Spectre x360 15 is our pick based on value because it allows you to enjoy 4K for less than a Dell XPS 15 with the same specs, and it's a convertible. However, people looking for configuration 






























